Add UMAD-11 for request (#29)
uma-universal-money-address/protocol: umad-11-request.md

# UMAD-11 Request

> UMA request is a way to deliver UMA invoices to sending wallets. Such as deep/universal links on
> mobile, notification, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
UMA requests are a way to deliver UMA invoices to sending wallets through methods like deep/universal links on
mobile, notifications, etc.
```

## Request for non-specified sender

To deliver a UMA invoice to a sending wallet, the receiver can create a UMA invoice, and then
deliver the encoded UMA invoice string to the sending wallet.

The invoice string should be delivered using the following URL pattern:

```raw
uma://<invoice_string>
```

This can be displayed as a QR code, or a deep link on mobile. The sending wallet should register
the `uma` scheme to handle the UMA invoice string.

## Request for specified sender

> To deliver a UMA invoice with a specified sender, the receiver can create a UMA invoice, and then
> directly send the UMA invoice to the sending VASP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deliver an UMA invoice with a specified sender, the receiver can create a UMA invoice, and then
directly send the UMA invoice to the sending VASP.
```

The request URL should be defined in the uma-configuration scheme (See UMAD-10 for details) as:

```raw
"uma_request_endpoint": "https://vasp1.com/path/to/request/url"
```

The sending VASP should implement the request endpoint as a POST endpoint that accepts the UMA
invoice. The payload should be a JSON object with the following fields:

```raw
{
  "invoice": "<UMA invoice string>"
}
```

> Once sending VASP receives the UMA invoice, it should notify the sending wallet to confirm the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once sending VASP receives the UMA invoice, it should notify the sending user to confirm the
```
